Xiaoxionggui, you have a lot of money for dressing up like this, right?
You don’t have much money? Millions of people?
Small money? This money,
I don’t know where it came from? You don’t need to worry about where it came from?
You? Ye Qingyun! This is the headquarters of the Chuangsu Group!
You didn't even want to shout for me, did you? Are you afraid that you can't even get in? Wake up and shout,
If you don't come to him, why are you stopping me? He doesn't need it!
Are you using your pool rights badly? What?
Not even you are seduced, right? Why are you arguing?
Do you want to shout? He didn’t want to shout when he just continued, right?
What are you listening to?
That's something you can forget too
I don’t know the heights of the sky
That won't really go in, right?
Who said we didn't invite Han Zi?
Even if you beat your dog, look at Madam
That royal lord
Didn't you see he was demoted?
Our lady is not happy
Do you think he would sleep with that security guard?
Normally, it doesn't matter what a person like him wants.
We can only exchange benefits by selling our bodies.
Zong Yanmian, Father Jiang, who is your father or your mother?
I'm just helping you find the management letter.
Don't be fooled by that little golden pill
I think you are just trying to provoke the sword
Do you want me to work?